===BEGIN PLAN===
Does the string contain a substring 'AB' followed by 'BA'? If so, we can use this as an opportunity to split the problem into two smaller instances.

This intuition is correct. The key insight here is that if we find "AB" and then later find "BA", we know we've found the required substrings, and we don't need to continue checking further.

Whether the string is a concatenation of two substrings, where one contains 'AB' and the other contains 'BA'.

This part of the plan seems to be getting at the idea that we can use dynamic programming to solve this problem. By breaking down the string into smaller pieces, we can build up a solution by combining the solutions for these smaller pieces.

Determine if either 'AB' or 'BA' appears in the current window of size 2, then move to the next window of size 2

This is where things get interesting. If we slide a window of size 2 over the string, we can check at each step whether "AB" or "BA" appears in that window. If one of them does, and the other doesn't appear later on, then we know we've found our required substrings.

Store intermediate results in a dictionary

This part of the plan is unclear. What exactly do we need to store in this dictionary? Are we trying to keep track of some kind of state or intermediate results as we work through the string?

One potential issue with this plan is that it doesn't seem to handle the case where neither "AB" nor "BA" appears in the string at all. In this case, the algorithm will simply not find any matches and report a failure.

Another potential issue is that it's not clear how we would actually implement this plan as code. For example, what kind of data structure should we use to store our intermediate results?

As for edge cases, it seems like we're assuming that the input string only contains uppercase Latin letters. We might want to add some error handling or boundary checking to make sure this is the case.

Overall, the intuition behind this plan is sound, but there are a few places where things could be clarified or improved. With a bit more work, this could become a solid plan for solving this problem.
===END PLAN===
