===BEGIN PLAN===
The tree structure makes me think of a recursive approach with memoization. This is because we need to consider all possible combinations of edge deletions and their resulting connected components.

The state expression could be defined as a tuple of three integers: (i, min_xor, max_xor), representing the minimum number of edges to remove such that all connected components in the subtree rooted at node i have XOR value min_xor and maximum XOR value max_xor. The base case would be when there are no more nodes left in the tree.

The dynamic programming approach would involve a 3D table dp where each cell (i, j, k) represents the minimum number of edges to remove such that all connected components in the subtree rooted at node i have XOR value j and maximum XOR value k. The base case would be when there are no more nodes left in the tree.

The recurrence relation could be: if the current node has children c1 and c2, then we need to find the minimum number of edges to remove for each child, and add 1 to that result because we also need to remove the edge between this node and its parent. We can use memoization to avoid recomputing the same subproblems multiple times.

We would start by initializing the dp table with some base case values (e.g., when there are no more nodes left in the tree), and then recursively fill up the table using the recurrence relation above.

The final answer would be the value of the top-left cell (0, 0, 0) in the dp table, which represents the minimum number of edges to remove such that all connected components have the same XOR value.

This plan seems to capture the essence of the problem, but it could be improved by considering edge cases more carefully. For example, we need to handle the case where there is only one node left in the tree (in this case, the answer would be 0). We also need to consider the case where k is very large compared to the size of the tree, in which case it might not be possible to remove enough edges.

===END PLAN===
