===BEGIN PLAN===
Select top-down approach with memoization by recognizing that the winning teams can be determined by checking all possible combinations of teams' skills, using recursion and memoization.

The base case is when the length of the binary string is 0 (or n=1), in which case there's only one winning team.

The dynamic programming approach focuses on the skill levels of the teams at each phase of the tournament. The state would be the current team's skill level and the phase number, and the transition relationship would be the set of teams that can win with this skill level and phase number.

Create a recursive function to calculate the winning teams at each phase using memoization by storing previously computed values in a dictionary. This will help avoid redundant calculations and speed up the computation.

In the recursive function, iterate through all possible team combinations for the current phase, and for each combination:

- Calculate the total skill level of the teams in this combination.
- Check if any team has a higher or equal skill level than the others (i.e., they are the winner).
- If yes, add the winning team to the set of winning teams.

Then use these stored values to compute the winning teams for larger phases. This will allow you to avoid recalculating previously computed values and reduce the computation time.

To make sure that all possible combinations of teams' skills are considered, use a bitmask approach to represent the skill levels of each team in binary format (0 or 1), where 1 represents having a higher or equal skill level than at least one other team.

At the end, sort the winning teams by their skill levels and return them.

This plan should work for all possible inputs within the given constraints. However, there might be some edge cases to consider:

- What if there are multiple winning teams with the same skill level? Should we return all of them or just one?
- What if no team has a higher or equal skill level than others in any phase? Should we return an empty set?

These edge cases can be handled by adding additional logic to the plan. For instance, you could check for duplicate winning teams and return only unique ones.

Overall, this plan is correct but might need some fine-tuning based on specific requirements.
