===BEGIN PLAN===
A dynamic programming approach can be used to solve this problem.

The state can be defined as (i, j) where i is the index of s1 and j is the index of s2, and it represents whether the strings are scrambled up to those indices. The state can be represented by a boolean value indicating whether the substring of s1 from 0 to i and the substring of s2 from 0 to j are scrambled or not.

The base case for the dynamic programming would be when either of the strings is empty, in which case they are considered scrambled if and only if both strings are empty. This can be represented by a table filled with a boolean value indicating whether the strings are scrambled or not at each index.

For the recursive step, we need to check all possible ways to scramble the string up to the current position, considering that we can swap the children of any non-leaf node in the tree representation of the string. This can be done by considering all possible partitions of the string into two non-empty substrings and checking if these substrings are scrambled or not.

The transition relationship would be to move to the next character in both strings, i.e., incrementing i and j. The table would be filled based on this transition relationship, and it would represent whether the strings are scrambled up to each index.

To improve the plan, we can consider using a more efficient data structure instead of a simple array or list to store the table values. For example, we could use a 2D vector where the size is proportional to the length of the input strings. This could potentially reduce memory usage and improve performance for large inputs.

The potential issues with this plan are:

- The time complexity of the dynamic programming approach may not be efficient if the strings are very long.
- The space complexity of the table may also increase significantly for long strings, which could lead to memory issues.
- The transition relationship is based on the assumption that we can swap the children of any non-leaf node in the tree representation of the string. This assumption might not always hold true.

The plan does consider edge cases by defining the base case when either of the strings is empty and considering all possible partitions of the string into two non-empty substrings for the recursive step.
===END PLAN===
