===BEGIN PLAN===
Identifying overlapping subproblems: For each element in the array, consider the minimum prime divisor of that element. If two elements have the same minimum prime divisor, they can be combined into a single subproblem. This approach uses memoization to store the beauty values for previously computed subproblems.

The state expression could be defined as a tuple (i, j) representing the range [0, i] in the array and the set of bad prime numbers up to j. However, this might not capture all the necessary information. A better approach would be to use a dictionary to store the beauty values of subproblems with the same state.

The state is a tuple (i, k) where i represents the index in the array and k is the maximum bad prime number considered so far. This captures the necessary information about which elements are left to process and which bad primes have been processed.

Create a dictionary dp to store the beauty values of subproblems with the same state as keys. Initialize it with a value of -1 for any state that has not been computed yet. The base case would be when i is equal to the size of the array, in which case the beauty is 0 if all elements are good prime numbers and k is less than the number of bad primes.

For each element in the array, calculate its minimum prime divisor. If it's a good prime or has been processed before, skip it. Otherwise, process it by considering two cases: either include it in the current subproblem or split it off into a new subproblem. The beauty value for the current state is the maximum of these two cases.

To determine which case yields the higher beauty, consider the bad primes less than the minimum prime divisor of the current element. If all these bad primes have been processed (i.e., k is greater than or equal to them), then including the current element in the subproblem would increase its beauty. Otherwise, it's better to split off the current element into a new subproblem.

The time complexity is O(n log n) due to calculating prime numbers and the space complexity is O(n + m) for storing the dynamic programming table.
===END PLAN===
