===BEGIN PLAN===
Consider a dynamic programming approach with memoization to solve this problem.

Define the state as a tuple (i, j) representing the current indices into the array, where i is the index from the start of the array and j is the index from the end of the array. The state will keep track of the remaining elements in the array that need to be made equal to zero.

Formulate the problem as a decision-making process. For each element in the array, there are two possible operations: decrement it from the start or from the end. This can be represented as a binary tree, where each node represents an element and the edges represent the possible operations. Use a depth-first search (DFS) algorithm to traverse the graph and determine if there's a path that leads to all elements being equal to zero.

Memoize the recursive function by storing the results of subproblems in a dictionary, using the state as the key. This will prevent redundant computation and optimize the solution.

The base case for the recursion is when i >= j, which means we have reached the end of the array or the start of the array, depending on whether we're traversing from the start or end. In this case, we can simply check if all elements in the remaining subarray are equal to zero.

If it's possible to make all elements in the remaining subarray equal to zero, then return "YES". Otherwise, return "NO".

The recursive formula is as follows:
- If i >= j, check if all elements in the remaining subarray are equal to zero.
- If not, try decrementing an element from the start (i - 1) and recursively call the function with the updated state. If this returns "YES", then return "YES". Otherwise, continue.
- Try decrementing an element from the end (j + 1) and recursively call the function with the updated state. If this returns "YES", then return "YES". Otherwise, continue.

If all possible operations have been tried and it's not possible to make all elements in the remaining subarray equal to zero, then return "NO".

===END PLAN===
